# Prime-Factorization-Tool
### Purpose
  This is an application that uses my attempt at creating an algorithm that generates the Prime Factors of an integer in linear time. It uses two creative
  efficiency tools to, based on my understanding, generate the Prime Factors in linear time. It first takes the user input and generates a list of all the prime numbers
  up until the floor of the squareroot of the inputted integer. This is all you will need to find all of the prime factors of an integer. It then traverses down the list of 
  prime numbers and checks if any of them are factors. If a prime factor is found, it is appended to the output message and the value is updated by divided it by the discovered prime.
  If the remaining value is not 1 once you run out of primes, that means that value itself is a prime and should be appended to the output.
## Information
### Development
* `app.py` is the main file of the project
* `gen` is an autogenerated file created using a PySide2 ui conversion tool. 
### Usage 
* Enter the integer that you desire to see the Prime Factors of
* Click the "Go!" button and the application will display all of the prime factors
#### Instructions:
* Download all files from respository or clone from GitHub
* In terminal, create venv using `$ python -m venv .venv`
* Select venv by using `CTRL + ALT + P` and selecting `Python: Select Interpreter`
* Install requirements using `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`
* Run `qmake.py` to compile UIs and Resources
* Run app.py to launch
